Grammar Check (#769)
hasura/graphql-engine: event-triggers.md

* [Try it out](https://shahidh.in/hasura-serverless-etl)
* [Tutorial](community/examples/serverless-etl)

> ### Building reactive UX for your async backend with real-time GraphQL

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Building reactive UX for your async backend with realtime GraphQL
```
We are comfortable using realtime everywhere, including the [website](https://hasura.io)/
